Donald Trump  0:06  
Thank you very much and thank you, Milan.
 
I want to say hello Georgia.
 
We did you understand a lot of places.

Thank you very much.
 
Thank you Now we want a lot of places we won Florida.
 
We went to Ohio big, big, we won a big remember we were going to lose Florida.
 
They said, We were five down in Florida, we won by a lot.
 
Remember, we were gonna lose Florida, they said, We were five down in Florida, we won by a lot.
 
We were way down in Ohio, and we won by a lot.
 
I think they say that if you win, Florida, and if you win Ohio, in history, you've never lost an election.
 
There's got to be a first time.
 
But the truth is they were right.
 
We've never lost an election.
 
We're winning this election.
 
And I will say we're fighting very hard for this state.
 
When you look at all of the corruption and all of the problems having to do with this election.
 
All I can do is campaign and then I wait for the numbers.
 
But when the numbers come out of ceilings and come out of leather bags, you start to say what's going on, but I want to just tell you that I am so I love this state.
 
I love the people in this state and I'm thrilled to be back in magnificent Georgia.
 
With thousands of proud hard working American patriots.
 
Let me begin by wishing you all a very Merry Christmas.
 
Remember, we started five years ago and I said you're gonna be saying Christmas again, we say it proudly again.
 
Although they'll they'll be trying to take that word again out of the vocabulary.
 
We're not gonna let him do that.
 
I also want to express our profound condolences to the family of Harrison Diehl, a young and brilliant campaign staffer for Sen.
 
Leffler who tragically died in a terrible car accident yesterday, you know about it, he was an incredible, magnificent young man.
 
And I just want to say our prayers are with his friends and loved ones.
 
And we will keep his memory in our hearts.
 
And he's looking down right now.
 
And he's very proud of Kelly and, David, he's very proud of all of us.
 
So I just want to express my best wishes, okay, to the family.
 
And everybody.
 
Thank you, thank you.
 
And let me also express my warmest Best wishes and love to all of those people and families suffering from the COVID pandemic.
 
Vaccines are on their way at a level that nobody ever thought possible or to take another administration five years.
 
It took us seven months.
 
And they're starting next week, and we're gonna start vaccinating and a lot of people already are vaccinated is called you have you caught it.
 
And you're immune.
 
I hope it's true.
 
You know, they say that, before I had it, they said if you catch it, you're immune for life.
 
Once I got it, they said if you catch it, you're immune for four months, right? You know.
 
But they're on their way the vaccines and they're great vaccines and safe and brilliant actually to think of it what we've done in such a short period of time, nobody thought they call it even some of the enemies call it a medical miracle what we've done, and we also have great therapeutics, and they're already here that I can testify to that fact, I'll tell you what some incredible work has been done over the last seven months.
 
And we should always get credit for that don't let anyone ever taken away from us.
 
We're gathered here tonight to insure a very important word insure.
 
Because these are two great great people that I know so well and respected by everybody in Washington and beyond that David Perdue and Kelly lafleur when the most important congressional runoff probably in American history, I really believe that I think it's an American.
 
There's never been a time like this where you have to at one time, at least you have two beauties.
 
And you know what, you also have two beauties running against them but beauty in a different way.
 
There are two beauties.
 
But there's never been a case where a state has had this prominence on Senate races, because it never together This is something that's very important and you have to get out you have to vote, you have to make sure you have every vote counted.
 
Everybody has to count.
 
You got to make sure they don't throw away any ballots.
 
You got to make sure that when they collect the ballots, and they start bragging about how many ballots they already have, you got to make sure your secretary of state knows what the hell he's doing.
 
And you got to make sure your governor gets a lot tougher than he's been, he's got to get a lot tougher.
 
Because it's taken this election is control of the US Senate.
 
And that really means control of this country.
 
The voters of Georgia will determine which party runs every committee writes, every piece of legislation controls every single taxpayer dollar.
 
Very simply, you will decide whether your children will grow up in a socialist country or whether they will grow up in a free country.
 
And I will tell you, this socialist is just the beginning for these people.
 
These people want to go further than socialism.
 
They want to go into a communistic form of government and I have no doubt.
 
Somehow that doesn't suit you too.
 
Well.
 
That doesn't work too.
 
Well.
 
I think Kelly in Georgia does.
 
David and Kelly are running against radical Jon ossoff and Raphael, Warnock.

Often Warnock are the two most extreme far left liberal Senate candidates in the history of our country and you got a vote at one time.
 
How did that happen? I think you both got lucky.
 
But we'll see.
 
Right? We'll see.
 
You must go vote and vote early.
 
starting December 14, you have to do it.
 
They cheated and they rigged our presidential election, but we will still win it.
 
We will still will still win.
 
They're gonna try and rig this election.

No, we're we continue to fight.
 
We've had some great moments.
 
We just need somebody with courage to do what they have to do, because everyone knows it's wrong.
 
We need somebody with courage, somebody that makes decisions that will be going up to the Supreme Court very shortly.
 
And we really, if we have courage, and wisdom, I think you know what the answer is going to be because you can't let people get away with what they got away with with over.
 
Think of it with over 74 million votes over.
 
I think of that more than I got more votes than any sitting president in history.
 
11 million more votes than we got in 2016.
 
And we thought that if we could get 68,000,060 7 million, that would be the end all of our great brilliant geniuses said, you'd win if you get 67 or 68 is over, we got 74 million plus.
 
And they're trying to convince us that we lost we didn't lose.
 
They found a lot of ballots.
 
To be nice about it.
 
They got rid of the 74.
 
Let me tell you what the 74 could have been even higher, as the great pollster john McLaughlin, who's really a great pollster, one of the most highly respected.
 
He said there's no way this could have happened.
 
Other than the obvious cheating or a rigged election, there's no way it could have happened.
 
You know, it's it's interesting, I wrote this.
 
And I had just a few of the facts, which I think because I want to get onto the presidential.
 
I want to I want to stay on presidential but I got to get to these two because there but listen to this.
 
These are the facts.
 
And each fact is like irrefutable, and it means when President Trump received done by one of the most brilliant political people, President Trump received more votes than any previous incumbent president in history and we lost.
 
So we received more votes than anybody in history.
 
Any incumbent in history, we lost, supposedly, we didn't lose.
 
We're gonna you're gonna see that no incumbent who received 75% of the total primary vote last re election in the history of our country.
 
President Trump received 94%, not 70 which is one of the highest in history.
 
In fact, President Trump is the only one of five incumbents since 1912.
 
To receive more than 90% of the primary vote.
 
And again, anybody received over 75% they won.
 
We went, we got 94%, President Trump set a record for the most primary votes ever received by any comment ever.
 
And nobody that's received all of the primary votes nobody's received at a much lesser level than what we they always won.
 
But we didn't according to what they say it's rigged.
 
It's a fixed deal.
 
Nationally, conditional numbers show that 26% of President Trump's voting share came from non white voters, the highest percentage for a GOP presidential candidate.
 
Since 1960, that's a long time ago.
 
President Trump what think of this one President Trump 118 of 19 bellwether counties, you know, to bellwether County, it's a big deal.
 
So I want 18 of 19.
 
A record never happened that between 1980 and 2016, voted for the eventual president in every single election.
 
And before that, it was almost every election, and we won a record 18 of 19 never lost.
 
Nobody's ever lost with anything like that.
 
Biden did not demonstrate coattails for the down ballot races had no coattails.
 
I'm shocked to hear that.
 
But he got 80 million votes.
 
But when he made a Thanksgiving Day speech on the internet, they say he had less than 1000 people.
 
How do you have 80 million votes and you have 1000? So how do you have 80 million votes and you have less than 1000? with Republicans maintaining control, so here's what happened.
 
So Biden didn't demonstrate coattails down ballot races, but with Republicans maintaining control first time this has ever happened.
 
control of the Senate winning all 27 toss up races in the house.
 
Kevin McCarthy great job Mitch great.
 
Winning all 27 toss up races enough think of it.
 
We didn't lose a seat in the house.
 
Think of this first time that anybody I think in history, we didn't lose one seat normally lose 235 and you replay.
 
We lost nobody sitting in Congress.
 
I worked hard in the house with Kevin McCarthy not losing a single legislative chamber and making big gains at the state level and holding on to the Senate.
 
I mean, look at what's happened we better hold on to the Senate, YouTube.
 
And there's never been numbers like that where a president even came close to losing but they say we lost the only way is they stuffed the ballot boxes.

President Trump one as we said both in Florida and in Ohio.
 
And no and by the way, one by a lot.
 
Remember, you know, remember, remember the fake polls where they said he's down by four in Florida and a one by a lot.
 
He's down by two in Ohio and we want I think we got eight or nine or something up? No, but nobody's ever done that those two very powerful big important states.
 
And the beauty is that we also want Georgia and that was cool.
 
Carolina, and we won Iowa Remember, we're not gonna win in Iowa.
 
They said we're not gonna win.
 
I think the farmers like Trump a lot, right? We want an Iowa by a lot.
 
We want an Iowa by close to record numbers.
 
I think I have the record.
 
Ad we want all over the place.
 
And many of these swing states, you know, it's very interesting statistic.
 
President Obama beat Biden all over the country, except in some of the swing states, where Biden beat him badly.
 
How does that work? And if they say it's statistically impossible, he beat Crooked Hillary.
 
Think of this he beat Crooked Hillary in the swing states, but she beat him everywhere else.
 
Let me tell you this election was rigged.
 
And we can't let it happen to two of the greatest, most respected people in Washington, we can't let it happen again.

Governor could stop it very easily.
 
If he knew what the hell he was doing, you could stop it.
 
Hundreds of thousands of illegal votes were cast in each day, far from I mean, you look at this hundreds of thousands more than we needed.
 
were cast in every segment talking about not only here but Michigan, Pennsylvania.
 
How about Pennsylvania, where they throw the pole watches out, they throw them out.
 
They literally throw them out.
 
And they did it here too, by the way.
 
But we can Call them called and have numerous cases pending.
 
And so far, we haven't been able to find the people with the courage to do the right thing.
 
And that is true in Georgia, certainly.
 
But we're going to hit those people and they're going to go down in history, as great people, they're going to go down because everyone knows what took place.
 
But we're going to talk about the presidential election a little bit later, because we have a big senatorial race going on in Georgia.
 
And we are watching democrats very, very closely.
 
And remember this, we had this massive race all over the country, so they could cheat in Georgia, and people aren't really watching it like they should.
 
And, you know, again, all I can do is say I'm running when and then do a good job as President, that's all.
 
I don't run the elections, I don't run to see if people are walking in with suitcases and putting them under a table with a black robe around.
 
I don't do that.
 
That's up to your government here.
 
And for whatever reason, your secretary of state and your governor are afraid of Stacey Abrams, they're afraid.
 
So we know the democrats are planning to cheat, and we can't let them do it again.
 
And we're gonna pull ours out one way or the other.
 
But we have to be vigilant because I don't want these two to work like I, you know, I thought we're gonna easily win.
 
And that may be for the first time in a long time, I go take a nice little vacation for about two days.
 
And then we go back, and then said, I probably worked harder in the last three weeks than I've ever worked in my life doing this.
 
And I become friendly with legislators that I didn't know four weeks ago, and actually, they're great people.
 
In fact, in my pocket right here, we have a couple of them right in here.
 
Whisper Jones, whisper.
 
Bird.
 
Bird.
 
Well, you're young guy.
 
I thought you were young, but not that young.
 
Bird Jones.
 
I want to thank you, Bert for being here.
 
You're friendly with a man next year, right? He's a man of courage.
 
Thank you very much.
 
But I appreciate everything you're doing and so does his big ground.
 
And this is a big is a lot of people.
 
Also Brandon beach, Senator Brandon beach, Brendan, thank you for everything.
 
We appreciate it.
 
William Liggins.
 
Where's William? Why are you so far away? William from them? Oh, I like that group better.
 
Actually.
 
I agree.
 
And Greg does.
 
Oh, where's Greg? Greg, thank you very much, Greg.
 
We appreciate it.
 
I really do.
 
Appreciate it.
 
Great people.
 
And we said, Have this brought back into your legislature, Governor, have it work back, let these people make it, keep it open, keep it transparent.
 
And let us have a signature verification, what's wrong? They keep counting the same votes.
 
I said, don't count votes.
 
Look at the signature, you're gonna find the signatures aren't what they were two years ago, four years ago, six years ago.
 
But our two great senate opponents.
 
And these are two people that fight and they're going to fight like that.
 
Yeah, I don't know if you know this, but one of the people that you're fighting, I went against him.
 
Also, four years ago, he was against a very fine woman.
 
Karen was a great woman.
 
And he was leading by quite a bit and we ended up beating him.
 
He didn't even live in the district.
 
He was running for Congress.
 
He didn't even live in the district.
 
So we're gonna have the same thing.
 
But also often Warner will be total pawns of Chuck Schumer crying Chuck, I only see him cry when the cameras are on.
 
But he said he did say this.
 
Maybe I'm hurting you.
 
And he did say this.
 
If we get in.
 
We're gonna absolutely make Donald Trump's life miserable.
 
Can you blame? That's Chuck Schumer.
 
He made the statement.
 
We're going to investigate him all those investigations will go on and on.
 
Well, they've been investigating me since the day we came down on the escalator.
 
Which what turned out to be a great first lady.
 
We came down the escalator right.
 
And a spider in our campaign and lots of other things but Nancy Pelosi AOC Bernie Sanders and the lunatic radical left that's what you're gonna have is Chuck Schumer said rather infamously first we take Georgia then we take America but they don't mean take America like in a good sense.
 
They mean bring it over to things that the people of Georgia don't want.
 
You're not going to like it when they want to take over your farm.
 
Gee, we own this farm to you know, we were here also we own this farm.
 
Here's exactly how they will change America forever.
 
The radical democrats if they get power, they will immediately abolish the senate filibuster allowing them to pass any bill they want and giving them free rein to ram through the most extreme left wing agenda ever conceived, while at the same time destroying our military through a lack of funding.
 
And by the way, tell our senators, end section 230.
 
And section 230.
 
Put it in, we put it in I want it in the defense bill put it in because it's a national security problem.
 
It's a big national security.
 
So hopefully, Mitch in the Senate is will put it in.
 
But it's a one chance we have to bring big tech who are vicious and violent and untruthful to bring big tech, it's the only thing they fear is that we're going to end section 230.
 
So hopefully we will do it.
 
It happens to be a politically very popular thing to do.
 
By the way.
 
If these people get control, then draconian military cuts will devastate Fort Benning, Fort Gordon, and the military families all across Georgia, we would also like to save the names of the forts if you don't mind everybody.
 
They have the right you know, they put in the Elizabeth Pocahontas, Warren floors, where they have the right to take all the names of our past warriors heroes, in some cases, many cases some turned out to be heroes in disguise perhaps, but they want to take the names off and they have the right to desecrate to take down to destroy to demolish places in our national parks that we don't want demolished.
 
So we have to be very careful that we can't let that happen.
 
Put it, they want to put it in our military bill of all people, Elizabeth Warren puts that clause in the military.
 
They will impose total open borders so that people can pour into our country.
 
And they will give them free health care, free welfare and the right to vote in your elections you will ever win another election as a republic.
 
They even want to take down the wall.
 
You know the wall I want on the wall too.
 
We wanted a lot of things take down the wall.
 
I heard him say it the other day, we will take down the wall.
 
You know we have the strongest border we've ever had that we're almost finished.

And we built it despite its incredible the effect it's having.
 
We built it despite rather rather everybody said no chance.
 
I mean, we had a whole very powerful Democrat Party oppose me.
 
And yesterday, I don't know if you saw, the court just ruled that the money I took was taken illegally.
 
So at least we have a legal war.
 
The appeals court.
 
So we took it and we built the wall and we'll be finished with it very soon.
 
But it's had a tremendous impact on illegal immigrants coming into the country.
 
And by the way, we want people to come into our country you see that by the vote I got.
 
But we want people to come in legally and through merit, through merit where they can help the radical democrats will implement nationwide catch and release you know, that is you catch a killer you catch a rapist, and you say Oh, thank you very much.
 
Please give us your name.
 
Oh, come back in three years.
 
We're gonna put you on trial.
 
Oh, good.
 
You never see them.
 
By the way.
 
Remember, I had that debate with Joe Biden.
 
He said no, they come back.
 
Yeah, they don't come back.
 
They don't come back.
 
No, they don't come back.
 
Like never maybe 1% but I doubt it.
 
That's the end of them.
 
You let them loose in our country.
 
I got rid of it.
 
You think that was easy? And then saw sanctuary cities all across the country? That's what they want.
 
Free criminal aliens and Ms.
 
13 gang members the most vicious people they don't like guns because it's not painful enough they like using knives.
 
It's true.
 
They don't like guns they'd rather cut somebody up to wreak havoc and terror upon innocent families we've moved thousands and thousands of ms 13 the hell out of our country we moved it back and some we put in prison because it's too dangerous to move back because they'll try and figure away you know, they're not stupid.
 
They're vicious but they're not stupid.
 
Sort of like the democrats if you think about they'll confiscate privately owned firearms and share or they will what they will do they will share everything with themselves only dangerous equipment and they will totally cut up a thing called your second amendment rights.
 
They'll make washington dc a state and many other places guaranteeing to four or six additional left wing senators, you know, they want to make numerous places states.
 
This way.
 
You'll have a lot more Louis, you're gonna have a lot more company in Congress.
 
You'll have lots of you'll have another 3040 congressional people from places you've never even heard of.
 
You've never even heard of louie Gohmert the great louie Gohmert And there'll be voting against Georgia.
 
Every time completely cancelling out your voice in Washington forever.
 
like David Perdue, I'll never forget it.
 
You got hit by a piece of a hurricane.
 
Remember that the farmers got hit so hard.
 
And I went with Sonny and with David and some other great people from Georgia.
 
And I said, Is there a way we can pay these, they never asked for anything and their orchards were wiped out.
 
One of the men said this was going to be the best crop I ever had.
 
I was a week and a half away from from finally after 1012 years, making some money.
 
And a week and a half early, he gets hit by the remnants of that big hurricane from Florida.
 
Great state great place, but you got hit.
 
And David, we took 100% care of those people, right? We took 100% with the help of Sonny Perdue, Secretary of Agriculture, and I felt so good.
 
But I met those you know, I met up there were 33 of them standing and they were all on the line.
 
What do you do I have this what it was a tragic it was and nobody wanted anything, they didn't even want it.
 
They said we could borrow it if we could, they didn't want it.
 
These are incredible people, they don't want anything.
 
They just want a level playing field.
 
But we took care of them.
 
They never forgot it either.
 
It's very interesting.
 
I still hear from some of those people.
 
The extreme left will pack the supreme court with 24 radical justices.
 
That's the last number I heard.
 
I used to hear it was 16.
 
Now it's up to 24.
 
Pretty soon you'll have another Congress 24 radical justices instead of nine justices that we have right now.
 
And they want them to revolve up and down the court system so that supreme court justices can spend time in other locations down the totem pole, they want to hurt the Supreme Court, and they want to hurt it very badly.
 
And if these two don't get in, or if I don't get into these, though, we got to get the best would be all three, nothing will happen.
 
But they want to destroy the sanctity of the Supreme Court the importance of the Supreme Court, the majesty of the Supreme Court, they'll terminate religious liberty, cancel free speech and force you to fund extreme late term abortion.

And there will be nothing to stop them.
 
If they don't get in.
 
There's gonna be nothing to stop them.
 
You have no idea how bad it will be, there will be nothing.
 
I used to argue with certain people about the filibuster.
 
I said, Look, I don't like it either.
 
But I do it because I know they're gonna do what everybody said, Oh, they'll never do it, then they're doing it.
 
They've already announced they're gonna do it.
 
That means they can do anything they want.
 
And you know, the Republicans, they play a different game.
 
I don't know, maybe they love the country more.
 
But they said no, no, they'll never do it.
 
And I said, well, Schumer, he'll do it the first day he gets in, he'll do it.
 
And that's exactly what's happening.
 
And he'll do it.
 
And he will do that to the Supreme Court.
 
There's no question but they look forward to it.
 
Because you know why? We put on three think of this three great justices.
 
And we'll be over 300 federal judges in the United States, which will be a record 300 300.
 
And they don't want to wait, they want to do it very quickly.
 
Let's just vote and we'll take it you know, this takes years and years and years to slowly change the court.
 
And perhaps I got a little bit lucky to get three a lot of presidents have had none they've never had they stay on for a long time.
 
They're young when they go on and they're old when they come off.
 
But the fact is, a lot of presidents good presidents, great presidents, although they say you can't be a great president, unless you put in Supreme Court Justice, as they say it's the single most important thing a president can do.
 
And I'm not sure that's right.
 
I think military defense military offense, frankly, is the most important.
 
But it's certainly one of the most important things you can do.
 
And the fact that I have more than I will have by the end, more than 301st term, think of it.
 
And if we do a second term, which I hope we do, we could have close to 540.
 
But the fact that I had three supreme court justices in the first term, is not making them feel too good.
 
They will unilaterally surrender to China.
 
They're already doing it.
 
They're already doing it.
 
And you know, Hunter made a lot of money in China.
 
What's he going to do? sending our factories and our jobs overseas.
 
They will raise your taxes.
 
We lowered your taxes.
 
We gave you the greatest tax decrease tax cut in the history of our country and they want to get rid of Have that and raise your taxes and raise your regulations.
 
We cut more regulations than any president in the history of our country.
 
That's one of the reasons our business came back, you know, with the pandemic, as bad as it is, it's horrible, should have never happened.
 
China, China allowed this to happen should never happened.
 
But you know, we went down less a lot of people don't like to talk our economy, we went down less.
 
And we went up more than any other country in the world.
 
We went down.
 
Let's go, we had a good foundation.
 
And yesterday again, so now I thought it was 48.
 
It's actually 128 times can you believe it? We set a new stock market record.
 
But this one was great, because the Dow Jones Industrial Average, over think of this over 30,000, for the first time ever over the last couple of days.
 
And yesterday, was 30,200.
 
Can you believe this, and this is during hopefully what will be we're rounding the turn, we're rounding the corner on the pandemic.
 
But this is during a pandemic, we broke 30,000 a number that was unthinkable when I first came when I first came in at around 16,000.
 
The concept of hitting a 30,000 dow was not even possible.
 
And we not only hit we can you imagine if we didn't get hit by this, this freak, this total freak that came into our country.
 
Can you imagine if we didn't get hit, but you know, in a way, and I thought of this before, David in a way we did this sort of twice, we took it from the time I came into the time we got hit and nobody's blaming us for that every country 188 got hit somewhere totally devastated.
 
I don't know if they ever recover.
 
But we if you think about it, we had to we did it the first time we went up from where I took it over way up, then went down, then we had a second.
 
So we really had to, and now we're going to get money because we want the money.
 
First of all the states and cities should open up, they should open up.
 
And we're working hard against the Democrats.
 
But we're working hard to get some money out to the people because they need it.
 
It's not their fault that they got it was something from China.
 
And you notice the way the democrats like to say it came from Italy? No, it came from China.
 
And that's okay to say it.
 
They like to say it came from Europe no actually well specifically came from Italy, Italy, saying why did we do

their wage war on American energy, absolutely decimating Georgia's middle class, they will, your bills will go up.
 
Not a huge energy producer.
 
But Texas remember they said Trump will lose touch this by a lot.
 
I said, Wait a minute, I'm in favor of energy.
 
I'm the one that built we have the greatest energy we've ever had.
 
And it all happened this period of time.
 
So you're telling me, you're telling me that I'm going to lose Texas to a guy that's against fracking, against energy, against religion and against guns, you tell me that I end up winning Texas by so much.
 
Somebody said we don't even know how much.
 
And we knew that before.
 
But it's fake news.
 
They said, Wisconsin, a poll came out Washington Post ABC, just before the election, I'm going to lose Wisconsin by 17 points.
 
I said, No, I'm going to win Wisconsin.
 
Well, actually, I won Wisconsin, they're trying to say he's a little down.
 
But I actually won.
 
But that's called suppression.
 
That's called the suppression fault.
 
That's opposed.
 
That's so devastating.
 
When I asked one of the pollsters, I said, Why did they go so far? Why did they just say four or five, because in four years, they're gonna lose all respect.
 
They don't care.
 
They'll do anything to win, they'll do anything to beat you.
 
They don't care.
 
These people are sick 17 points, and we actually won.
 
Remember, so many of the states, I want every one of them every one of these days.
 
And by the way, the swing states that we're all fighting over now, I won them all by a lot.
 
And I have to say, if I lost, I'd be a very gracious loser.
 
If I lost I would say I lost and I'd go to Florida and I'd take it easy and I'd go around and I'd say I did a good job.
 
But you can't ever accept when they steal and rig and Rob can accept.

While the democrats did try to steal the presidency, they're trying like have you ever noticed the fake news? Today? He's appointing his This is that signing his secretary of agriculture Sonny I like sunny.
 
We want something was a great governor here for eight years.
 
Right? You would have you would have solved this problem in about two hours.
 
I think he would have said let the legislature open let let the vote let us be transparent on signatures.
 
I think that's okay.
 
But we're working hard to ensure that it doesn't happen.
 
And now they're trying to steal these two important Senate seats from Georgia.
 
And these seats are the last line of defense to save American protect all that we have accomplished.
 
And, you know, we've accomplished things that no other president is accomplished no other administration.
 
And I did it with these two people.
 
I didn't know Kelly, when Kelly came in, I didn't really know what to think there is nobody that fought harder for me and I have to tell you this, I'll tell you mine, we tell you you like publicly, is that okay? There is nobody David understands his two.
 
She fought what a trooper.
 
She was so tough and smart.
 
She even went against Mitt Romney.
 
She didn't like Mitt Romney.
 
She said I won't say what she said.
 
But it was tough.
 
But she is we call him kryptonite, you know, anything he touches, they lose.
 
But you were so great.
 
And I'm not forget it.
 
And David's been my friend for a long time for a long, long time.
 
And there's nobody in Washington that's more respected than David Perdue.
 
There's nobody, there's nobody so we have to keep.
 
If the other side manages to steal both elections, we will have total one party socialist control and everything you care about will be gone, your whole philosophy is going to be gone.
 
Joe Biden, Kamala Kamala cryin Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi, below us.
 
They want to take away your guns.
 
I never got it.
 
I never got it.
 
That's one of the reasons I knew.
 
How can you win? no oil, no guns? No, God.
 
Oh, they won? I don't think so.
 
Okay.
 
We knew that a long time ago.
 
They want to take away your jobs, take away your borders, take away your freedom, take away your religion.
 
And they even want to take away your beautiful Christmas that we just got back.
 
I have to be very careful.
 
You know, when I sort of imitate that, right? You remember I was saying suburban women.
 
I say suburban women love me, please love me.
 
I've been so good to you.
 
I got rid of the worst regulation in the history of suburbia.
 
I got rid of that regulation.
 
So now you can actually have a house without a building going up next to it that you're not going to be happy about without crime increasing by tenfold and this and that.
 
So I said, but suburban women, please, please love me.
 
And cnn put me on Donald Trump.
 
Donald Trump is begging he's begging and crying for the vote of suburban women, right? These people are sick.
 
So you have to be very careful when you start kissing.
 
Sarcasm doesn't work.
 
Sarcasm doesn't work with a Wow, that is a big group of people back there.
 
Look at that.
 
The fake news.
 
That's a big group.
 
That has a lot of fake news.
 
Well, now we call it the fake news.
 
And Suppression is I use the word suppression.
 
Because now they got a new thing going.
 
This happened since hunter because we were killing them on Hunter, you know, stealing money from every country.
 
He was a human vacuum cleaner.
 
And it was hurting them badly.
 
So all of a sudden, big tech, together with their partner, the democrats and their partner, the fake news media, they decide, under no circumstances will we ever talk about it again.
 
So you have 95% of the media.
 
You could have him be Jesse James and walk into the bank with a gun, hold them up.
 
Give me all your money and they won't talk about it.
 
And it's hard to have a scandal if they don't talk about it.
 
Other than the New York Post.
 
And people like Sean Hannity, and people like Laura and Tucker's doing good.
 
I like Tucker lately.
 
And our friends in the morning and I tell you we have some great new people.
 
Oh, Newsmax and Judge Judy, she's on right she's on tonight.
 
And Jesse waters is great and feet heck.
 
And I'm in trouble because I don't mention everybody but we have.
 
We have great people.
 
We have a great voice but the fact is most of the press was so that no matter what they wouldn't talk, and it was incredible.
 
And I have to give a lot of credit to Carl Allen in the New York Post for what they did, because they went out and they fought them in a forum, our oldest paper in America fourth or fifth biggest, and they should be very proud of themselves.
 
But we're doing the same thing.
 
These two incredible people are doing the same thing we fight.
 
If you don't get out and vote, they're going to win.
 
Now, you know, a lot of people friends of mine, say, let's have a we're not going to vote because we're angry about the presidential and they're friends of mine.
 
There are people that are great people, they're real friends.
 
And more than just two, there are numerous people.
 
And it's almost like a protest.
 
But if you do that the radical left wins.
 
Okay.
 
It was sort of an instinct of mine, you know, you're angry because so many votes was stolen, it was taken away.
 
And you say, well, we're not going to do it.
 
We can't do that.
 
We have to actually do just the opposite.
 
We can't do that.
 
We can't do that.
 
We have to do just the opposite.
 
If you don't vote, the socialists and the communists when they win, Georgia patriots must show up and vote for these two incredible people.
 
And I'm telling you, they're two of the finest people you'll ever meet.
 
We can fight for the presidency and fight to elect our two great shiners.
 
And we can do it at the same time.
 
We'll do it at the same time.
 
All right.
 
The election is about David Perdue, one of the greats, Kelly Leffler, a person who is just unbelievable how she picked it up.
 
No, but you know, this natural talent.
 
I always say, as an athlete, I always say, Would you rather practice or have natural talent? I said the best is both right.
 
But she's got a great natural talent, a great natural talent, just very respected.
 
But they believe both of them in America, and they believe in our values and all that we stand for and they understand the state.
 
They love your state.
 
I will if they didn't I wouldn't be here because I love you.
 
Stay tuned.
 
By the way.
 
This election is about the radical left movement that hates America, and wants to erase our history and wipe away everything that we hold dear.
 
They want to rip down our statues.
 
You know, I signed a bill I took an old bill because we could never get it today in the house headed by crazy Nancy.
 
I took an old bill that said 10 years in prison they use the word prison not jail.
 
10 years in prison if you take down a statue.
 
I haven't seen that happened lately.
 
Do you notice? Everyone said you can't use that I'll never forget.
 
I heard they were gonna let you know they did destruction around and all that radical left democrat run cities by the way.
 
And we're not supposed to go in either.
 
If I had to do again, I think I would have said the military and you want to know that? We're not supposed they're supposed to be able to handle their own affairs.
 
I don't know.
 
But but all over they said Sir, you can't do this bill.
 
This is too tough.
 
I said, Really? They're gonna tear down a statue of Abraham Lincoln, George Washington, Thomas Jefferson desecrate the most beautiful pieces of art, and they represent our country.
 
And now they want to do it again.
 
They want to put it in.
 
I told you we can't let it happen over the last four years David Perdue has been one of the toughest fighters for America first America first agenda.
 
And David Shaw this Did you see last week, China said China doesn't like me too much.
 
They pay us billions and billions that never happened billions and billions of dollars in tariffs and they pay it they devalued their currency.
 
They paid a lot of money.
 
They don't like me, the happiest people in the world right now.
 
Are the leaders of China.
 
The second happiest are the leaders of Iran.
 
We would have what we would have done in the next four years, we would have been on a footing like nobody's ever and now we've given it all away.
 
But China's said, we will not deal with you.
 
Unless you get rid of the America first policy.
 
And you know what the democrats said? They said, Yes, we will do that.
 
Can you believe this?

And that's what I realized what a brilliant name that is, you know, we come up with some good ones.
 
But that's a good one.
 
We came up with plenty good ones ever way.
 
Some of my won't use because some of those people are now friends of mine.
 
But we came up with some good ones.
 
But America first.
 
And I looked at milania a week ago and I said Can you believe it? They are saying that they don't agree with America first.
 
How do you say that? I mean, how do you say it? We don't agree with America? First.
 
We agree with China.
 
Yes, we will get rid of America first policy.
 
I think David, you know like that too much.
 
And if they're here, it won't happen because nothing's going to be able to get past.
 
That's not going to be reasonable.
 
He fought to pass the largest package David of tax cuts and reforms in American history.
 
He helped lead the effort to repeal a record Number of job killing regulations, the likes of which you've never seen, including the unfair waters of the United States rule that crippled work for our farmers and our builders.
 
You know, it's such a beautiful name, but it was destroying people.
 
And I'll never waters of the United How beautiful is that? waters of the United States? As I said, I gotta get rid of it.
 
I got to do it, but I'm gonna get killed.
 
Because the only thing good about it was the tidal waters.
 
What are you doing today I'm terminating waters of the United States.
 
Well, it was a little bit like the Paris environmental accord, right? The Paris environmental accord.
 
I said, I'm going to get killed in this one.
 
But we would have paid trillions and trillions of dollars.
 
Russia has a big advantage of us, they go back to the old days when the air was very dirty.
 
That was their standard.
 
China doesn't kick in until 2030.
 
We kick it immediately.
 
And the money that would have cost us and if we adhered to it, we would have had it close up 20% of our factors.
 
And now the first thing they want to do john kerry, great negotiator.
 
The first thing they want to do is they want to number one, they want to bring back the Paris accord environmental code, which will cost us that was designed to destroy the United States.
 
The second thing they want to do is let's give Iran billions of dollars.
 
Oh, they're so happy.
 
Iran would have been in my office in the first hour after we won the election to make a deal.
 
But perhaps they still he said they still after Hurricane Michael devastated our farmers in southwest Georgia.
 
As I said, No one worked harder to get them relief to David Perdue.
 
He would call me all the time he actually called me more than Sonny and Sonny said agriculture What the hell's going on.
 
So suddenly, what happened to us on it? It's true.
 
David would call all the time.
 
And remember how tough the democrats but they don't want to give anything.
 
But we got it.
 
We got a more than they even thought possible.
 
Senator Perdue helped pass the unprecedented $2.5 trillion investment in our United States military, delivering the largest pay raises in addition to everything else.
 
For our warriors in a decade, we now have the greatest most modern military in the history of our country.
 
We have brand new fighter jets, brand new bombers, brand new missiles and rockets.
 
hypersonic missiles, we have hypersonic and the hypersonic you know what hypersonic is water.
 
We have a ball.
 
We have missiles that go seven times faster than any missile in the world.

And when we took over, our military was decimated, our military was tired.
 
Our military was in big trouble.
 
And you remember and I've said it a lot.
 
One of the world's most overrated generals came to see me.
 
He said, Sir, we have no ammunition.
 
We had a little problem with a certain country.
 
And he said, Sir, we have no ammunition.
 
I said, Tell me you're not saying that.
 
We didn't have ammunition.
 
Think of it.
 
We had very little ammunition.
 
And I'll never forget that statement.
 
I said that should never happen to a president of the United States again, nor should being spied on ever happened to a President.
 
Senator Perdue has been a tremendous leader on pro American Immigration Reform like nobody else.
 
He voted very powerfully when I was going through hell on the wall, they would have given me anything.
 
They gave me the money for the motor.
 
They just didn't want to give me money for the wall.
 
So I took it out of the military.
 
What the hell can I do? I was rather good.
 
Good to be a developer.
 
Everyone said, Well, that was the one with the judges ruled yesterday.
 
So they said it was fine, because I called it natural security.
 
So we took it out of them.
 
No, they didn't figure that one out.
 
Now they do.
 
But you know what, they don't have to be careful because it turned out to be very popular, very successful, shut down sanctuary cities and chain migration and protect American jobs, David dead.
 
He voted to confirm nearly 300 of the judges that I talked about the federal judges that interpret the constitution as written, and one of the democrat mob came for judge Cavanaugh, David Perdue stood strong.

And, you know, I'm just thinking they both stood strong when they impeach the president for making the perfect phone call.
 
I'm the only president ever will never get impeached for making a perfect phone call.
 
But those two were among the best.
 
Senator Perdue is an outsider, a businessman, a great businessman and a true American patriot.
 
You need him fighting for you and your family and your values because the United States Senate cannot be the same without them.
 
So that's why I'm here.
 
You know, I don't do these things for other people.
 
In fact, I was curious, I didn't know if anyone was going to show up.
 
I said I'm doing good for other people because I Hell of a crowd look as far as the eye can see.
 
As far as I don't like doing it for other people.
 
I said David and Kelly Cole, would you do a rally? I said, not really.
 
I did 56 of them in a little tiny period of time.
 
I said, Let's be happy.
 
And I said, when they asked I it was really not but you know, I don't do it.
 
For other people.
 
It's a lot of work to do.
 
aralen a lot of work.
 
People don't realize when you do, I did five a day, the last four or five days.
 
One day I did six, six.
 
And the smallest one think of it the smallest one at 25,000 people.
 
You think that's fun? In some of them? It's 75 degrees and and others it's 20 degrees below zero and you're doing both.
 
I'm saying how's the weather out there, sir? It's about 20 degrees below zero.
 
That's good.
 
Then I learned the next step.
 
How are we doing, sir? It's 82.
 
David's opponent, Jon ossoff, is a radical left wing zealot.
 
Who is very proud to be endorsed by Bernie Sanders crazy.
 
Bernie also supports defunding the police supports the crazy green New Deal.
 
That's another beauty.
 
Don't forget the green new deal is really 100 trillion dollars.
 
Okay, it's 100 trillion dollars.
 
They don't say that Louis do they talk about 3 trillion they get down to 3 trillion now.
 
It's 100 trillion is what they wanted.
 
That's more money.
 
If our economy was going unbelievable gangbusters for 100 years, no recession, no anything.
 
We couldn't come close to make it 100 trillion.
 
They want to rip down buildings and rebuild them with no windows.
 
I like Windows.
 
I like big beautiful windows.
 
He wants to do a total government takeover of health care that will destroy your doctor's offices and rural hospitals.
 
So if you are sick of your code, if you have a call, go to a hospital, wait on line for about three days and hope you get a decent doctor.
 
Asaf also supports a crippling nationwide lockdown.
 
He wants you to lock your home.
 
Nice and tight fit are inside of it.
 
And he passes legislation to let hardened criminals go free, get him out of jail, get him out of jail.
 
Asaf will be a complete tool for the radical left donors who are trying to buy Georgia Senate seats.
 
You see the money these people have raised? I mean, it's it's really a it's very well, of course, I just raised 200 and $50 million.
 
And I should I didn't raise it.
 
It just I said, How are we doing in that front? You know, because we didn't get great publicity boys.
 
Were they they were so happy these guys.
 
Don't you might not be happy in a few weeks, you know, you might know they were so happy.
 
I said how's fundraising going? They said, Sir, about 200 and 50 million is a 200 and $50 million.
 
How the hell did that happen? Because people believe in what we're doing.
 
But that's why i sauce donations come from Silicon Valley.
 
San Francisco and the other liberal places.
 
And they don't come from Georgia.
 
This is not your I know you.
 
You're with me.
 
I'm with you.
 
We've always had wins from primers to two elections.
 
We went to elections, believe it or not.
 
I think I won the second one by more than I want the first one.
 
I do.
 
Right, Bill.
 
I want the second one by more.
 
On January 5, you also need to vote for your incredible republican senator Kelly Leffler.

Kelly has been an except hero champion for Georgia's workers and families.
 
And I know what they fight for they if I could sell you about David, I could tell you about Kelly.
 
She fights for you every single day loves your state when our nation was hit with the China virus.
 
Senator Leffler helped rescue the US economy by voting to pass a historic $3 trillion bill relief for American workers and families that a lot of people were against it and turned out to be a great thing.
 
Kelly, thank you.
 
A lot of people said Oh, it's too much.
 
I said it's not their fault, and I want to get them more money now.
 
And I like the higher number rather than the lower number we'll make it back.
 
With their help.
 
We secured $15 billion for 175,000 Georgia small businesses and save 1.5 million Georgia jobs that was both of them really, both of them.
 
Kelly is a relentless advocate for Georgia farmers and to us for tirelessly to get them relief.
 
In this pandemic.
 
I By the way, our husband is a fine man who's one of the most respected men in the country.
 
I want to tell you that I want to tell you A great man is a great gentleman.
 
at the urging of you know, if you're successful that is supposed to be a bad thing.
 
No, I think it means you're smart sometimes.
 
Right? He's a smart guy, but he's a great guy is a great man.
 
at the urging of Kelly and David, my administration took historic action to protect growers of Georgia blueberries, peppers, squash, and cucumbers who who does cucumbers around here, because I like cucumbers, can you I'm the only one.
 
I like you come.
 
When our law enforcement heroes were under attack, Senator Leffler stood up to the Marxist and introduced legislation to protect our brave men and women in blue, and she was threatened all over the place.
 
That threat meant nothing was a wasted number of phone calls or however the hell they threaten you.
 
That was a waste of time.
 
She also introduced legislation to prevent democrat gun grabbers like Beto O'Rourke Remember that? Oh.
 
There's a guy has another one.
 
He wants to take your guns away.
 
Oh, by the way, Trump is gonna lose Texas.
 
But Beto O'Rourke is a big factor.
 
That all thing wants you to remember when Beto was running.
 
He was riding high.
 
And then Ted Cruz has done a great job beat beta or beta was riding high for a while.
 
Remember, he made he was on the cover of a certain really bad magazine.
 
I won't mention the name.
 
It's failing.
 
It won't be a business for another six months, I don't think.
 
But he was on the cover.
 
And he said, I was born to do this.
 
And I said anybody that says they were born to do this, they're going to be losing very quickly.
 
And you know what, within about two months, he was a stone cold loser.
 
And just weeks ago, Senator Leffler cast your vote to confirm our newest Supreme Court Justice Amy Coney Barrett.
 
They both hit by the way.
 
They both did.
 
I can't leave David.
 
Kelly's opponent Raphael Warnock is a dangerous extremists who is radically opposed to your values.
 
He said he believes that quote, nobody can serve God and the military are really an appalling statement that dishonors the memory and generations of American heroes who fought for God and for our country.
 
Raphael Warnock has openly declared his support for socialism.
 
And he has even praised Marxists all over the world.
 
He wants hosted the barbaric communist dictator Fidel Castro, he likes Castro thinks he was a good man.
 
He was a good guy.
 
He said.
 
He falsely slandered patriotic Americans as races.
 
He called police officers, gangsters, thugs and bullies.
 
He supports abolishing cash bail, look at what happened to New York with their cash bail, no cash ban don't bail, don't worry about it.
 
You killed somebody, don't worry about it.
 
You know, you're on the honor code.
 
And he's declared, quote, open up the jails free to violent criminals and prey on Georgia families children.
 
Now you can't do that.
 
This is not for you fortune telling you.
 
It might be for some places that I tell you that this is not for Georgia.
 
I think Raphael has to move to another state.
 
Try it again.
 
Warnock is strongly anti Israel.
 
And Warnock's own writings make clear that he believes America is a sinister nation that must be punished.
 
Don't just take my word for it.
 
We did something I shouldn't be doing this for them.
 
Of course, too much money, but we'll do it anyway.
 
We have a little video to play please.

---------------------------video------------------------------

---------------------------video------------------------------

Donald Trump  1:01:15  
So we had I just looked at that one seat because it was in Washington.
 
And we had about a month ago, incredible crowds of people.
 
They were angry as hell at the election.
 
And they showed up and it was incredible.
 
Hundreds of thousands of people people couldn't believe.
 
Now, of course, some of the factors that hundreds of people had done No, no 10s of thousands of people.
 
And you know, and Tifa and Tifa showed up.
 
Not the right.
 
But the left showed up.
 
And they looked at some of these people and they wanted to attack the crowd.
 
They looked and they said, No thank you.
 
And they left.
 
No problem.
 
They looked at some of these people.
 
They said No, thank you.
 
Then they broke up about three o'clock everyone went home very peacefully.
 
It was a beautiful day, actually.
 
They all went home peacefully.
 
And that night, they came back.
 
And there were a few families that stayed around with young children.
 
And then some elderly people that were having dinner in Washington, very elderly people, and they got attacked, those people got attacked viciously, viciously by the scum from an Tifa.
 
We can't let this happen.
 
We can let this but what they didn't play what the fake news didn't play is during the day they walked in and they wanted to do some damage that they took a look at.
 
They said No, thank you.
 
We won't do it.
 
We'll wait.
 
We'll wait till we get the people with the children.
 
We'll wait till we get the elderly people that want to stay in Washington and and really just have a good time.
 
And it was disgusting to watch.
 
On January 5, you must defeat us off and warn up and send to great people David Perdue and Kelly Leffler back to this.
 
And if you don't mind, I'd like to ask David and Kelly to come up and say a few words, please.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:28  
Thank you, Georgia.
 
Thank you, Mr.
 
President.
 
President Trump, you made America great again, because you put America first.
 
Thank you.
 
President Trump created the strongest economy because he put the American worker first he stood up.
 
That's right.
 
He stood up to the kancil culture, China, big tech, the fake news.
 
We are standing strong for President Trump because he's fought for us every single day.
 
Every day, Georgia, we need you to vote January 5.
 
If you're our voice on January 5, we'll be your voice for years.
 
We have to make sure that we keep America strong.

Donald Trump  1:04:22  
Thank you.

Well, you know why?

Unknown Speaker  1:04:25  
My colleague David Perdue, my good friend wants to make sure that you vote we are gonna vote because if we don't vote, we will lose that country.
 
If we vote, we will win.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:40  
Hey, guys,

Unknown Speaker  1:04:41  
I want to take leverage.
 
Just one second.
 
I want to say something personal to President Trump.
 
Hey, guys, I want to say something for President Trump personally.
 
Yes.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:52  
I want to say something personal for President Trump.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:56  
God bless you.
 
We love you,

Unknown Speaker  1:04:57  
Mr.
 
President.
 
We love the First Lady.
 
And we're gonna fight windows two seats and make sure you get a fair square deal in the state of Georgia.
 
God bless you, Mr.
 
President.

Donald Trump  1:05:14  
Thank you very much.

Thank you, thank you,

Unknown Speaker  1:05:39  
we're fighting,

Donald Trump  1:05:39  
we're gonna fight like, you know, thank you.
 
We can't let what happened three weeks ago, we can't let it happen not, it's beyond me.
 
We can't let it happen.
 
And somewhere, there's going to be a champion your champion some way there's going to be a champion that's going to do what's right, because this has been going on for a long time, but never like it's happened recently.
 
And you know, they've used the pandemic, and the phony fake ballots, the mail in ballots, they use that to sabotage your country, we're not going to let it happen.
 
As you know, a major issue in this state is voter fraud.
 
It's been a big issue for a long time, but never like this.
 
We sent out 10s of thousands, millions and millions of ballots, nobody knew where they came from, where they are, people were getting 234 ballots, they were signing them sending them in, what a mess.
 
And I said it a year ago, and I said it every month.
 
And I even said Let's postpone the election.
 
And they said, Oh, he's not an American, you know, they knew what they were doing.
 
They knew what they were doing.
 
We're all deeply disturbed and upset by the lying, cheating, robbing, stealing, that's gone on with our elections.
 
We know the democrats will have dead people voting, and you got to watch it dead people.
 
You wouldn't believe how many illegal aliens from out of the state.
 
And there'll be falling out and filling out ballots.
 
For people who don't even exist, they put up names and people signing their own name over and over.
 
They have they have people signing names with the same pen with the same signature, they don't even change.
 
Because they know once they get it in, it'll never be looked at.
 
It'll never be looked at, again, because of people like your secretary of state and your governor.
 
So we want signature verification, but the answer, and we're gonna be very careful, we're going to watch every ballot, David Kelly, we can't let this happen again, and again, we have more light shining here because of what happened.
 
And because of the fact it's pinpointed the answer to the democrat fraud is not stay at home.
 
That's what Nancy Pelosi and Schumer, that's what they want you to do stay at home, just stay at home.
 
If you want to do something to them, I don't want to use the word revenge.
 
But it is a certain revenge to the democrats who show up and vote in record numbers.
 
That's what you have to they can only win if they cheat.
 
They can't win the state unless they cheat and they cheat better than anybody.
 
You know, when you think of it, the republicans are much nicer.
 
They're not nearly as vicious, maybe a few of us.
 
Republicans are too nice.
 
He said, You're right.
 
That's a very good, thank you very much.
 
I like that.
 
But they are there to nice.
 
They don't go after these criminals.
 
They got to go after him.
 
We're talking to people go after them.
 
They don't go after them.
 
They're afraid they'll hurt their reputation when they get out.
 
I don't know.
 
They don't go after him.
 
But we're watching this so closely.
 
We have everybody watching.
 
You got to get out and vote, let them steal Georgia again.
 
You'll never be able to look yourself in the mirror.
 
We have to hold the line.
 
And you have to have the greatest people in earth.
 
We have to hold the line make sure that you and everyone else know that you have to register to vote before this Monday, December 7, is that right? Monday, December 7, you have to register to vote.
 
Of course you'll probably be allowed to if you're a Democrat, you know they don't have any time limit.
 
Did you see where where Stacey is allowed to harvest, but other people can't harvest.
 
How is that constitutional? How is that constitution? Has anybody looked at that? Go to georgia.gov and register immediately then request your absentee ballot before December 31.
 
Don't delay.
 
Watch it closely.
 
Do it today.
 
Do it tomorrow and return your ballot the same day you get it.
 
So they can't say gee, it didn't come in on time.
 
You know they did and one The state's ballots were coming in late, very, very late.
 
So they backdated that that balance.
 
We have all the information.
 
We have all the we have so much evidence.
 
And then you go to a court.
 
Oh, they don't have enough evidence.
 
We have hundreds and hundreds and even thousands of affidavits.
 
And they say, he doesn't have the evidence.
 
We have so much evidence.
 
We don't know what to do with it.
 
I'm saying do we put all of this into a filing? It's like with wheelbarrows.
 
If you aren't planning to vote by mail, vote early in person or vote on Election Day, whatever you do, I need each of you every one of you, your friends, your family to go and vote.

And after we win, we need to pass landmark election reform including voter ID is that so bad? residency verification, like we live in the country, we live in this state citizenship confirmation, they want to say Oh, he doesn't have to be a citizen.
 
You got to see what's voting.
 
They're not citizens.
 
You're a citizen.
 
No, I'm not citizen.
 
Just speak English.
 
No, no, no English.
 
Speak no English.
 
Oh, you're voting? Yeah.
 
What one? This is the craziest thing.
 
You know, the Democratic National Committee had their convention.
 
And they had a picture you couldn't get in unless you had a picture.
 
You had a photo ID.
 
But when it comes to the most important thing voting, they don't want to do it.
 
And they know, they know exactly.
 
We just can't let that happen.
 
I've only been doing this for a short time.
 
Believe me, this is something we're going to do, because we can't allow it to happen.
 
And complete overhaul of our election security systems.
 
Because right now, dominion is a joke.
 
Okay? Not a very funny joke.
 
It's a disgrace that in 2020, no state in America even makes any real attempt to verify that those who cast ballots by mail are eligible and lawfully registered voters.
 
The evidence of fraud is overwhelming.
 
And again, I'm going to ask you to look up at that very, very powerful and very expensive screen.
 
I do this, but few people, let's go.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:13  
We certainly want transparency.
 
What he saw is what we revealed to you last night on this program what appears to be Atlanta, Georgia ballot counters being told to leave the counting room, then a short time later with no observers, own media, hidden cases of possible ballots are rolled out from under a table for people under a cloud of suspicion.
 
Begin what looks an awful lot like ballot stuffing in the media.
 
Did pack up and leave at 1115.
 
But there weren't observers there at that time, and there is no announcement made for anyone to leave.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:55  
Now, wait a second here, that is dishevelled Fulton County elections chief Richard Barron.
 
But he doesn't have the facts right? video proves it at 10:40pm, not 1116 1040.
 
The media is packing up a half hour before he thinks they leave you can see them putting on their jackets there.
 
And by 1066, they are long gone.
 
And the Trump team has sworn witness testimony claiming an announcement was most certainly made.
 
In fact, even CNN reported the counting was being shut down due to a water main break that even election administrators now acknowledge was a leaky toilet.
 
So someone had to tell those people to leave.
 
And if you look at this table, there are ballots in boxes open and ready for counting.
 
Now watch as they get packed up.
 
Why would you need to secure them and then ultimately take out the mysterious ballots from under the table to start counting.
 
It just doesn't add up.
 
Elections board member Dr.
 
Kathleen Ruth shows her skepticism in that zoom call this morning with the elections chief.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:06  
It is interesting that these ballots were under a table versus being in the open Well,

Unknown Speaker  1:14:16  
I think there's there's I don't know that there.
 
I think those those ballot boxes get heavy.
 
I don't think they want to be lifting those things up and putting them back down.


Unknown Speaker  1:14:32  
He makes no sense.
 
Because scratching his head he just looks nervous.
 
The guy does not inspire confidence there will already balance out but even almost 24 hours since I posted what could be quote smoking gun video of election fraud.
 
A video now with 2.5 million views as of right now on my Twitter feed the head of a legends who's battling counters are now being accused of ballot stuffing

Unknown Speaker  1:15:04  
declares this.
 
I'll have the review.
 
I need to review the video.
 
I have not seen the video please do.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:11  
Please do his right.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:12  
He hasn't watched the video that could up end the presidential election and the guy in charge of the very people in the room admits he didn't watch the video before updating board members this morning.
 
That's insanity.
 
And yet, Fulton County still certified the election.
 
But you know who did watch our video? Our viewers, Stinchfield army, one directed me to this moment in the video, the woman in purple.
 
After putting ballots in to be scanned, it appears to take the same batch of ballots out, straighten them, and then look what she does with them.
 
She ran search them back into the ballot counting machine.
 
Again, the same set of Alice.
 
Now there may or may not be an explanation for this, but it certainly needs to be investigated by law enforcement.
 
As the greatest political heist in election history may have just been caught on camera.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:17  
Evidence of election fraud mounts as the mainstream media and democrats loudly insist Joe Biden is still the 2020 winner.
 
However, numerous whistleblowers are coming forward with credible information that hundreds of thousands of votes for President Trump mysteriously disappeared on election night.
 
On Tuesday, Jesse Morgan, a worker for the US Postal Service revealed that his trailer full of ballots simply went missing after he dropped them off.
 
The worker drove his truck from Bethpage New York all the way to Lancaster, Pennsylvania, and says he was carrying some 288,000 completed mail in balance.
 
Phil Kline, the director of a legal group, Thomas More society on the stock project says they have many more testimonies from whistleblowers with similar stories.
 
The project is working to discover flaws and even exposed cases of voting fraud in the 2020 election, and has already uncovered serious examples of voting irregularities.
 
backing out President Trump's warnings client explains that the post office was rife with fraud, and many Postal Service Workers were taking part in widespread illegal efforts to undermine the election, while the workers at the post office in Wisconsin had collected and backdated over 100,000 ballots on the morning after the election.
 
Unsurprisingly others also claimed the integrity of Dominion voting machines has been compromised and cannot be trusted.
 
During a press conference in Arlington, Virginia on Tuesday, the project explained that election officials in blue jurisdictions have failed to maintain the ballot chain of custody, which leaves the door wide open for voting fraud.
 
The project said it has photographic evidence of people improperly accessing voting machines and eyewitness accounts on how the seals on valid hard drives were illegally tampered with and broken.
 
Klein says that in total, there are over 300,000 fraudulent ballots in Arizona 548,000 in Michigan, 204,000 in Georgia, and 121,000 in Pennsylvania.
 
Based on this evidence, the FBI has reportedly requested to look at the project's data on voting integrity and potential election fraud.
 
Pearson sharp one American news.

Unknown Speaker  1:18:33  
The FBI has reportedly requested to look at the projects data on voting integrity and potential election fraud.
 
Pearson sharp one American news.

Donald Trump  1:18:47  
So if you just take the crime of what those democrat workers were doing, and by the way, there was no water main break, you know, they said that there was no border, maybe that's 10 times more than I need to win this state 10 times more.
 
It's 10 times maybe more than that, but it's 10 times more, because we lost by a very close number.
 
The alleged Biden margin of victory in several stages entirely accounted for by extraordinarily large midnight vote dumps you saw them with going up to the sky.
 
All extremely skewed to Biden, like Biden would get 10,000 votes and Trump would get three in the Trump area.
 
Oh, for example, at 6:31am and Michigan, reported 141,238 votes for Joe Biden and 5900 votes for Donald Trump.
 
96% for Biden 4% for Trump in an area where I should be doing quite well.
 
You know, I went almost every county in Michigan almost every district, it was a separate One, and they actually had more people.
 
If you look at the balance, they had balance all over.
 
They had more balance than they had people voting.
 
How do you do that? So they had people and their voting.
 
And then as you know, two of the canvases were very brave.
 
They didn't vote, they got the hell knocked out of them from the standpoint of what they went through.
 
They took all the cameras went off, and then they raised their hand, but then they couldn't sign it off a Bentley, but more ballots than they had voters.
 
Now, how simple is that? A similar vote dump occurred in Wisconsin at 3:42am.
 
This is 342 in the morning.
 
In fact, when I went to bed that night, everybody was calling Congratulations, you're up 600,000 votes in Pennsylvania, across all of the key swing states.
 
There were impossibly no low rejection rates, you saw that for mail in balance drastically less than the historic norm.
 
In Georgia point 5% of the male in balance were rejected in 2020, compared to 5.77%.
 
That's a difference of 11 times more, it's hundreds of thousands of in Pennsylvania point 03 percent were rejected in 2020, compared to a much much higher percentage in 2016.
 
This issue alone is enough to change the election results in many states, whistleblowers.
 
And that's the smallest of the issues.
 
whistle blows in multiple states have testified to witnessing postal workers and election workers illegally backdating thousands and thousands of ballots, fixing ballots, filling out false birthdays, registering and eligible voters and much, much more.
 
We're talking about hundreds of thousands of votes in each state.
 
In Arizona, a sample of 100 ballots reviewed by a judge found that a very small percentage of these ballots very small, but when you look at it, it was turned out to be very large, it was 10s of thousands of votes more than we would have needed to win Arizona.
 
We should have won that state very easily.
 
We have a similar type of Governor, I think but I'll let you know that in about a week.
 
In one Michigan County, and by the way, when laura ingram interviewed your governor, he said he was an offensive lineman.
 
I said, That's strange.
 
He doesn't look like an offensive lineman to me.
 
In one Michigan county using Dominion voting systems.
 
Nearly 6000 votes were discovered that were wrongly switched from Trump.
 
To Biden, they called it a glitch.
 
You know, it lets us like the machine broke numerous times we found glitches.
 
And every single time that glitch went 100% divided and no percent to Trump.
 
The same systems are used in 30 states, the left lies, they cheat and they steal.
 
They are ruthless.
 
And they are hell bent on getting power and control by any means necessary.
 
they investigate you and they prosecute you.
 
The moment you question them, they try and intimidate you.
 
They call you a poor American, you're not a good American.
 
You don't love our country.
 
They don't love our country.
 
They beat you down, shut you up and make you retreat.
 
That's what they do.
 
That's what they've done to your governor.
 
They've done that to your governor.
 
Your governor should be ashamed of himself.
 
That's what they want to do.
 
Right here in Georgia.
 
They want you to be quiet.
 
They want you to go away but we don't go away.
 
We don't.

It's the biggest open secret in America, the democrats cheating elections this year by sending out 65 million mailing ballots.
 
They perpetrated the largest fraud in the history of our country.
 
democrat officials and politicians in every swing state systematically weakened every measure to combat election fraud.
 
They ensure that there were no identity checks, no signature checks.
 
I want to check a signature, please.
 
I'm sorry, we don't let you do that.
 
No eligibility checks.
 
No nothing.
 
Every single one of you know that if these ballots are properly audited, if the signatures and envelopes were examined, if the envelopes were correlated to the votes, because you'll find there are far more ballots than there are envelopes.
 
All you have to do is count them up.
 
How many ballots you have how many envelopes Yeah, and of the voter rolls are studied.
 
Another words studied to check the signature, Miss Smith.
 
Oh, it's a totally different signature from two years ago from six years ago from 10 years ago.
 
What's that all about? We will find that hundreds of thousands of ballots were illegally cast in your state, and all over the country, by the way, more than enough to give us a total historic victory.

This is our country that they are taught, and you know this and you see it, but they're trying to take it from us through rigging, fraud, deception and deceit.
 
That's what we saw in the election.
 
That's what's going on.
 
And it's happening right now in our country.
 
And we will do something about it, and we're going to do something about it quickly.
 
And we're going to be watching on January 5, we're going to be watching every element of what they do this fraud that they perpetrated on our country, we're going to be watching it more closely than any election has ever been watched.
 
Hopefully, our legislators and the United States Supreme Court will step forward and save our country.
 
I used to say without borders, we don't have a country.
 
I can say also without an honest voting system, without an electoral process that works and it's honest and fair.
 
We don't have a country either.
 
We need to check every single signature in the presidential and senatorial elections.
 
And right now we have to get out to vote for David Perdue and Kelly Leffler to show the radical left that we will never surrender, we will only win, we're gonna win, we always win.
 
Somehow we find a way to win.
 
Now is not the time to retreat, now is the time to fight harder than ever before.
 
So don't listen to my friends just go out, just go out.
 
And you know what they're saying they're saying, We want you to fix the system, we're going to fix the system.
 
But the system will be fixed when these people get in, they'll get in and we'll fix this system.
 
Because we're all we're all victims.
 
Everybody here all these thousands of people here tonight.
 
They're all victims.
 
Every one of you the next great victory for our movement begins right here on January 5, and then we are going to win back the White House.
 
We're going to win it back.
 
And we're going to take back the house in 2022.
 
And then in 2024, and hopefully I won't have to be a candidate.
 
We're gonna win back the white house again.
 
A friend of mine said Oh, don't worry about it, sir.
 
Your Way up in the polls.
 
You'll win in 2024.
 
And I don't want to wait till 2024 I want to go back three weeks.
 
We're thrilled to be joined tonight by some real friends of all of ours representatives.
 
Doug Collins was fantastic.
 
I By the way, I gotta tell you, as you know, he and Kelly had a great primer, a very strong primer.
 
They both did fantastically well.
 
And he is on board and he is one of the greatest advocates I've ever met in Washington.
 
I want to thank Doug Thank you.
 
What a job he does.
 
Thank you.
 
Doug, you want to run for governor in two years.

Good looking governor.

A friend of mine, one of the toughest guys you'll ever see.
 
louie Gohmert of Texas Lewis.

And a young up and comer who's taken Washington by storm.
 
Dan Crenshaw was there.

I didn't see you, Dan.
 
The first time that's ever happened to me.
 
Yeah.
 
Because you do stand out in many ways.
 
Thank you very much.
 
The next senator from Tennessee just got elected.
 
Did my endorsement help.
 
better believe it we love Tennessee.
 
Bill Haggerty, he's gonna be a great senator.
 
He's gonna be a great senator for a long time.
 
Your former eight year governor he only left because of a thing called term limits.
 
If I would have known I would have tried to end those term limits.
 
But he went to the Department of Agriculture as his head.
 
He's done a tremendous job.
 
And, you know, we've handed out $28 billion to farmers 28 billion.
 
I said, How badly have we been targeted by China and Sonny Perdue said over two year periods are $28 billion.
 
That's when I put the tariffs on China took the money and gave it out to the farmers and we had a lot of money leftover.
 
And we put that into the US Treasury right shining, and you've done a fantastic job.
 
He knows more about farms than any human being State Representative, a friend of mine, a great gentleman, he saw what was happening.
 
he happens to be a Democrat, but we love him.
 
I'm trying to talk him into joining our party.
 
Vernon Jones.
 
Thank you.
 
What a great guy.
 
agriculture commissioner Gary black, Gary.
 
Good job you're doing, boy, what a good reputation.
 
Thank you very much, Gary.
 
Your public service Commission's Trisha pridemore.
 
Jason short, a great man.
 
Great, great man who's also on the ballot next month.
 
Bubba McDonald.
 
I like that day.
 
Where's Baba prusa? Great, great job.
 
Great job.
 
That's great.
 
Thanks a lot, Bob.
 
And I introduce you to Bert Jones.
 
Bert is going to be a very important man, I think over the next coming with William and Brandon and the folks and I appreciate it.
 
And Greg, thank you very much for being here.
 
We appreciate it very much.
 
Very important.
 
Georgia republican party chairman David Shaffer.
 
David, Hi, David.
 
How we doing David? Oh, fire yourself fast.
 
Now, David's done a great, great job.
 
And he works very closely with rnc Chairwoman this how we won.
 
We won a great state.
 
We want a great state known as Michigan when she was there.
 
And I said, Let's bring her to Washington.
 
Ronna McDaniel.
 
Thank you.
 
Thank you.
 
Thank you, Ron.
 
Over the last four years, we built the greatest political movement in the history of our country.
 
Already, we've achieved more than anyone thought possible.
 
And we're just getting started.
 
And we don't want other people to rip it apart.
 
We must reelect Kelly and David to keep it going.
 
For decades, our politicians spend trillions and trillions of dollars, rebuilding other foreign nations, fighting foreign wars and defending foreign borders.
 
We want to defend our border if it's okay.
 
And we're now finally protecting our nation, rebuilding our cities, and we are bringing our jobs, our factories and our troops back home to the USA where they belong.
 
bringing them home, not easy to bring a mom I bring them home and they say what's our we got to keep up there, sir.
 
We got to keep spending money.
 
We've got to keep giving money to these countries that can't stand us that nobody ever heard of.
 
And everything we do, we are putting America First we ended the war in American energy.
 
And the United States is now the number one producer of oil and natural gas, anywhere order.
 
We achieved the most secure border in US history.
 
And we built our wall, as I said, very important for you because you're a big military between the equipment we build and VA choice and VA accountability, right? You ever noticed that that's used always have on television, you'd have the fake news and always be Well, in that case, it wasn't fake.
 
But for years, you'd always see that's how badly treated they were how badly treated.
 
I shouldn't say this because they'll find one somewhere in the country.
 
But you don't see that you don't see that anymore.
 
You don't see the stories on the evening news about vets that are being treated horribly.
 
And accountability was a big factor.
 
We fired 9000 horrible people that took advantage of our vets and their God.
 
And now of our vets don't get good service.
 
They go out.
 
They see a doctor, we pay the bill they get better.
 
They don't wait in line for weeks and months.

We destroyed 100% of the ISIS Caliphate in Iraq and Syria.
 
We kill the leader of ISIS al Baghdadi, and we eliminate the world's top turns solemate he is dead.
 
I withdrew from the last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal and I think they want to start it up again.
 
Can you believe this? I wonder if they'll give him 100 and 50 billion, you know, they'll give him 250 they were ready to rock they were ready to do whatever we want it now they're gonna they're celebrating I recognize the true capital of Israel and open the American Embassy in Jerusalem.
 
And also recognize Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights.
 
Instead of endless war, we are forging peace all over the world.
 
And you know, we have the greatest military ever we have the greatest equipment all made in the USA.
 
A lot of it made in Georgia, but you know what we've created I'm the only one and many many decades cage that hasn't started a war.
 
Everyone thought that was my personality.
 
I'd be in war the first week.
 
They're all saying war.
 
And we developed relationships.
 
Let's see how he would do with Kim Jong gun of North Korea.
 
I don't think too well.
 
But whatever happened to that remember I came in it was gonna be war with North Korea was gonna be war with everybody now, we built the greatest military in the world.
 
And the better it is, the less likely it is that we're going to have to use but everything that we've achieved together is on the line on June 5.
 
In this election, you can send a message to the fake news media and there's a lot of right back there.

And they'll find something wrong with this evening.
 
I don't know what it is, but they'll find something wrong.
 
Maybe it was the person that shouted love they'll say it was a horrible protest.
 
They'll find something Kelly and David they're gonna find something they're looking to having a hard time.
 
It's been a love fest.
 
This is a love fest to these two people.
 
But they all want the Silicon Valley censors and the corrupt democrat political machine, their partners, you must vote for David Perdue and Kelly Leffler, go out and vote.
 
With your help.
 
We are going to continue our mission to save America.
 
We will defend the right to life religious liberty, free speech, and the right to keep and bear arms are going to take your guns.

We will always support the heroes of law enforcement.
 
We will maintain America's unrivaled military Mike, and we will preserve peace through strength.
 
We will protect Social Security and Medicare and we will always protect patients with pre existing conditions can do.
 
We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and children and restore patriotic education through our school.
 
We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history and always respect our great American flag.
 
And we will live by the words of our national motto.
 
In God we trust.
 
from Atlanta, to Augusta, from Savannah to Columbus, and from Athens to right here.
 
Right here.
 
This nice place is a nice place.

we inherit the legacy of generations of American patriots who gave their blood sweat and tears to defend our country and our freedom.
 
We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who cross the oceans settle the continent, tame the wilderness lay down the railroads.
 
Raise up the great skyscrapers, one two world wars, defeated fascism and communism and made America into the single greatest nation in the history of the world.
 
And if they get in and add me into the group of you don't mind we will be greater than ever before.
 
Without the best is yet to come.
 
Proud citizens like you helped build this country.
 
And together we are taking back our country.
 
Our fight to drain the Washington swamp and reclaim America's destiny has just begun.
 
We will not bend we will not break we will not kneel, we will never give in we will never give up and we will never back down.
 
We will never ever surrender.

Because we are Americans and our hearts bleed, red, white, and blue.

We are one movement.
 
One people, one family and one glorious nation under God.
 
And together with the incredible people of Georgia.
 
We have made America powerful again.
 
They've done it.
 
We have made America wealthy again.
 
We have made America strong again.
 
We have made America proud again.
 
We have made America safe again.
 
And we will make America great again.
 
Thank you Georgia.
 
get out and vote.
 
Get out.

You

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
